docs: update some changes in 1.39.0 (#71)
rotki/docs: usage-guides/onchain.md

> # On-Chain Transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Onchain Transactions
```

> rotki allows you to perform on-chain transactions by connecting your wallet (either through a browser wallet or WalletConnect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rotki allows you to perform onchain transactions by connecting your wallet (either through a browser wallet or WalletConnect).
```

> Currently, rotki only supports sending native tokens and ERC-20 tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment rotki only supports sending native tokens and ERC-20 tokens on all supported EVM chains.
```
